
<Help>
[Main Window]
The Main Window is the first window that you see when you start the application for normal use. After writing your thoughts in the text box, you can press the "Save" button in the bottom button cluster or select it from the menubar to add this entry to the journal. If you have not already done so, the application will prompt you to add some tags to attach to your entry. To preempt this, you can either press the "Tags" button to open a dialog to add your preexisting tags or the "Add" button to add new tags manually. Once you have attached some tags to the entry, you can press the "Tags" button again anytime you want to attach or detach tags, "Add" to add new tags, or the individual tag button to modify that specific tag manually.

The "Delete" button allows you to remove entries from the journal, if the entry has a date, or clear the Main Window of text and tags, if it doesn't.

"Quit" saves all changes, copies the journal to storage, and closes the application.

[Linked Entries]
Pressing the "Create Linked Entry" button will save the current entry and create a new entry, one which is linked to the entry that just closed. I link entries together based upon the thoughts that spin off in my head from reading older entries. That is how I do it, though: the context under which entries are linked together is up to you.

Once a linked entry is saved, the "Display Linked Entries" button will be enabled. Pressing this button brings up a graphical representation of your linked entries. The oldest entry in the "thought-tree" is at the bottom. As linked entries are added to this tree, it will grow upwards. Multiple disconnected thoughts emerging from the same entry will create branches, causing the tree to grow outwards.

Each node of the tree is a button representing an entry. Pressing that button will open the associated entry in the Preview Window. From that window, you can read the entry and its tags or press the "Go To Entry" button to open that entry in the Main Window for editing.

[Attachments]
The "Add Attachments" button, when pressed, allows the addition of, well, attachments. It opens a dialog prompt which allows you to navigate to and copy the attachment that you would like to associate with this entry into the journal's database. Once you have associated an attachment, the "Display Attachments" button will be selectable. Pressing this button will open a window naviagting to the location of the attachment. From there, you can manipulate the attachment using other applications on your computer.

[Date Selection]
Having acquired some journal entries, you can peruse old entries by selecting them from the drop-down box in the top left corner. The number to the left of the date tells you how many entries are currently accessible in the drop-down box. The "Filter" button will open the Date Filter Window, which lists all of the tags currently in use in the journal. Selecting or deselecting the checkbuttons will determine which entries get filtered, based on their associated tags. At the bottom of the window is a collection of buttons. The radiobuttons allow you to determine the type of filter you want:

-"OR" will allow through any entry which has, at least, one of the tags you selected;

-"AND" lets through entries that have only the tags you selected, nothing more and nothing less;

-"OR(P)" lets through the entries which have combinations of the tags selected.

The "Is Linked" button applies a filter after one of the other selected filters which sorts out the entries by whether they are linked to another entry (i.e. they are part of a thought-tree). The "ALL" button selects all checkbuttons and the "NONE" button deselects all checkbuttons. The "INVERT" button deselects all selected buttons and checks all deselected buttons.

[MenuBar]

--UNDER DEVELOPMENT--

[Special]

There is an import function that can be used to add individual entries made on another device. Simply edit the 'Template.jeif' file found in the Resources folder using a text editor (there are instructions in the file) and add the file to your 'Journal Imports' directory; this should be done prior to starting the application. Starting the application will automagically add the new entry to your database.

<Help>

<About>
kunnekted-jurnl
Author:	Kozmik Moore
Website:	https://github.com/kozmik-moore/Journal-0.3.1

Developed using Anaconda (Python 3.6)
Licensed under
Feel free to use and modify this software: all I ask is credit where credit is due!

<About>

<Shortcuts>
--UNDER DEVELOPMENT--

Main Window:

	Ctrl-Tab				Switch between field and date bar
	Ctrl-N				Save current entry and create new entry
	Ctrl-L				Save current entry and create linked entry
	Ctrl-G				Display thought-tree
	Ctrl-A				Add attachment
	Ctrl-S				Display attachments
	Ctrl-Q				Save current entry and close application


Graph Window:

	Ctrl-W				Close window
	Tab				Traverse tree
	Enter				Preview selected entry

Preview Window:

	Ctrl-W				Close window
	Ctrl-O				Open main window to previewed entry

Date Filter Window:

	Ctrl-A				Select all tags
	Ctrl-D				Deselect all tags
	Ctrl-I				Invert tag selection
	Ctrl-O				Select "OR" type filter
	Ctrl-N				Select "AND" type filter
	Ctrl-P				Select "OR(P)" type filter
	Ctrl-L				Toggle "Is Linked" filter
	Ctrl-S				Search tags (Coming Soon!)
	Tab				Traverse tags checkboxes

Tags Filter Window:

	Ctrl-A				Select all tags (Coming Soon!)
	Ctrl-D				Deselect all tags (Coming Soon!)
	Ctrl-I				Invert tag selection (Coming Soon!)
	Tab				Traverse tags checkboxes

<Shortcuts>

<Welcome>
Welcome!

This is my personal journaling application.

It began as a desire to record my thoughts and experiences and turned into an attempt to record the context under which certain thoughts emerged. Specifically, I hoped to capture not only the content of thoughts, but the relationship between individual thoughts and the overall structure of related thoughts. It is my hope, as this continues to develop, that it will be a tool to see not just current or past thoughts, but to see the change in thinking over time, to witness changes in thinking over the course of a life. It is my hope to later add some statistical analysis of my writing. This is how I choose to use this application, though: it is not required that you use it this way.

If you need any guidance, the "Help" menu has instructions, descriptions, keyboard shortcuts, and contact information for me.

Good writing!
<Welcome>

<Known Bugs>
<Known Bugs>
